
=============
Presentations
=============

*Block triangularizing regular polynomial matrices*

Planned for July 11 2022 during the SIAM Annual Meeting, this was going to be a talk about a recent paper in 
collaboration with Luis Miguel Anguas, Froilán Dopico, and Steve Mackey.  The slides cover the general process
we developed for constructing a block triangular matrix polynomial of a given degree with the same structural
data as a given regular matrix polynomial over an arbitrary field.  The talk was cancelled at the last minute
due to illness.

*Majorization and triangular matrix polynomials with prescribed diagonal* `slides <../_Static/majorization-mat-poly.pdf>`_

Given during the annual meeting of the Internaional Linear Algebra Society, this talk reminds the community
of the connection between the classical notion of majorization and the possible diagonals of triangular 
matrix polynomials.  I also outline a process for constructing a triangular matrix polynomial with desired
digaonal and given structural data.  This work is in collaboration with Luis Miguel Anguas, Froilán Dopico, 
and Steve Mackey.

*Inverse problems for polynomial and rational structural data* `slides <../_Static/HHXXI-Poly-Inv-Prob.pdf>`_

I was invited to give this talk at the 21st Householder Symposium on Numerical Linear Algebra.  Based on the
first chapter of my 2020 PhD thesis, the focus of this talk is on a solution to the inverse problem for the 
structural data of strictly regular matrix polynomials.  This talk outlines the basic constructions and 
building blocks used in my thesis to solve the inverse problem in a way that allows the original structural
data to be recovered without doing any numerical computations.

*Inverse problems for polynomial and rational matrices* `slides <../_Static/ICIAM-2019-symposium-talk-RH.pdf>`_

This was an invited talk for the Nonlinear and Multiparamter Eigenvalue Problems mini-symposium at the 2019
International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics.  The talk outlines the procedures I developed
to construct a rational matrix realization for any given list of rational structural data in such a way that
the structural data can be recovered from the realization with minimal effort.

*Recent advances on an inverse problem for rational matrices* `slides <../_static/ICIAM-2019-contributed-talk-RH.pdf>`_

A contributed talk at 2019 International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics, this talk served as
an introduction to rational eigenvalue problems and discussed the inverse problem mentioned in my mini-
symposium talk described above.

*An Introduction to Nonlinear Eigenvalue Problems* `slides <../_static/Intro-nonlinear-eig-probs.pdf>`_

I gave this talk for a colloquium at Colorado Mesa University during an enjoyable visit to their campus.
The talk was meant to be a survey of eigenvalue problems leading up to the polynomial and rational 
eigenvalue problems that are the focus of my research.  Inverse problems were briefly mentioned.

*Exterior algebra and compound matrices* `slides <../_static/The-exterior-power-of-linear-maps.pdf>`_

In the Spring of 2018, while I was still a graduate student at Western Michigan University, I started a 
general math and math education seminar for graduate students called the Grad Math Talk Series.  This was the
inaugural talk featuring two constructs that most graduate students are not very familiar with, if at all.
The link between the exterior algebra and compound matrices is explicitly described and proved in the talk.

*Canonical matrices* `slides <../_static/Canonical-decompositions.pdf>`_

This talk was the first talk of the second semester of the Grad Math Talk Series, the seminar I started as a
graduate student.  This second talk I gave for the seminar was an exploration of what it means to be
canonical using the examples I am most familiar with from my own area of expertise.